Rename the Microsoft.SemanticKernel.TemplateEngine.PromptTemplateEngine package (#3077)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: docs/decisions/0009-dotnet-project-structure.md

| Planner.ActionPlanner               | Semantic Kernel implementation of an action planner |
| Planner.SequentialPlanner           | Semantic Kernel implementation of a sequential planner |
| Planner.StepwisePlanner             | Semantic Kernel implementation of a stepwise planner |

> | TemplateEngine.Prompt | Prompt template engine implementation which is used by Semantic Functions only |

Reviewer: Following the pattern used by Reliability.Basic I suggest using the same approach for TemplateEngine

```suggestion
| TemplateEngine.Basic | Prompt template engine basic implementation which is used by Semantic Kernel by default |
```
